Hello [name],

We have received your order. Thank you.

-----------------------------------------------------
Order Date: [date]

Pay Processor: [mop]
Receipt ID: [receipt_id]

Format Type: [content_format]
AD Type: [soload_type]

Credit URL: [credit_url]

STATUS of your SOLO AD:
[sastatus_link]

Support / Refunds:
http://planetxmail.com/openticket.php
-----------------------------------------------------

Your SOLO AD will be mailed to our Safelist network, usually
with in one (1) hour or less. You can check the mailing status
by using the link provided above. It takes approximately 20-30
minutes to mail one SOLO AD. If there are other Solo ADs to be
mailed, than naturally it may take longer than 20-30 minutes.
We mail Solo ADs in the order in which we receive them.

Note: We only send one Contact SOLO AD per unique email,
even though you may have a dozen or more SafeList accounts
with the same Contact Address. Customers have complained
that receiving the same AD many times to the same address
was an annoyance.

SOLO ADs are delivered to ALL our SafeLists, regardless if you
have any SafeList accounts yourself. It is ALSO mailed to all
targetedadplanet.com members.

SOLO ADs earn 5 times more Credits than regular member Credit
URLs! This makes your SOLO AD valuable to your readers.

-----------------------------------------------------

In order to measure the effectiveness of your SOLO AD,
(or any advertising campaign) you need ways to track and
record how many visitors/hits you get. There are many ways
to record web traffic. All of our recommendations listed
below are FREE solutions.

1) http://www.google.com/analytics

  Google provides their service 100% free to all.
  You need to create an account, paste some javascript
  code into the pages you want to track and google does
  the rest. They render wonderful, flash based charts and
  graphs, that provide you with all the metrics possible.
  Including; country, state and city visitors came from!

2) http://www.easycounter.com/FreeCounter3.html

  A simpler method is to place a counter on all Web Pages you
  want to count. There are literally thousands of Web sites
  offering Web Counters. We provide easycounter.com as just one
  possibility. Do a web search on google.com for Free Web
  Counters. That way you can shop for what best suits your needs.

3) http://planetxmail.com URL Trackers

  Method #1 and #2 does require access to the HTML and some work.
  If you do not have access to the Web Page HTML you are promoting/
  Advertising, such as affiliate pages, you will need to
  use URL Tracking. A URL Tracker simply replaces the Link/URL
  you wish to track/count with one that is provided by the URL
  Tracking service. You simply register the URL you wish to track
  and a unique URL is issued to you. Planetxmail.com offers
  Free URL Tracking. You simply need a Safelist Account with any
  planetxmail.com safelist. Just like Free Web Page Counters, URL
  Tracking has just as many solutions. Do a web search using
  google.com with the key words, Free URL Trackers.

Some SOLO AD customers report they did not see their SOLO AD in
their INBOX. We tell our customers that this is ONE way to check
that your SOLO AD was mailed out. However, there are many factors
that may cause you to miss, not see or receive it. We certainly
encourage you to use one or all the Tracking methods(1-3), instead
of simply looking for your SOLO AD in your INBOX! After all,
traffic/visitors is what you need, not a single email AD to your
INBOX as proof of the pudding!

Bounced emails are an issue all mailing services must deal with.
This means there are occasions when you may not see your SOLO AD,
but that does NOT mean that the 120,000+ other members bounced
as well!

Read below for a detailed explaination about how we deal with
bouncing and problematic Mail Servers on the Internet.

1) You must have a confirmed contact address to receive your AD.
2) Your account must not be on vacation mode.
3) Your mailbox must not be Full at the time of mailing.

We have highly tuned and sophisticated software that records and
deals with the bounce back issues that all mailing services must
deal with. Your Contact address, if bounced, will be added to our
Bounced Database, and therefore, will not be mailed to. We RESET
our Bounced Database after a designated amount of time, at which time
we try to mail to that email address again. If no bounces occur
then delivery should be expected. There are times when an ISPs mail
servers are overloaded and bounce emails a lot, while other times the
mail load is low and no bouncing occurs, for instance, at 3am in the
morning.

----------------------------------------------------
Bonus: You can now transfer your PXM Credits over to
Free AD Planet (targetedadplanet.com) and use them there.
----------------------------------------------------

To view your SOLO AD and status information:
[sastatus_link]

Thank You,
Matt - Customer Service
http://planetxmail.com

